Add blog-post about 2022 features (#598)
packit/packit.dev: content/posts/2022-features.md

---
title: "2022 for Packit"
date: 2023-01-28T11:58:50+01:00
---

## Packit project in 2022

As you will see in the following paragraphs, the year 2022 was really fruitful for the Packit project. Without further ado, let’s take a look at what the Packit team accomplished last year:

## Fedora automation

Packit team has made a huge improvement in downstream automation. At the beginning of the year, we [finished the workflow](https://packit.dev/posts/downstream-automation/) and you are now able to use Packit to get your release from upstream via dist-git and Koji to Bodhi. As usual, you can pick just what you need. This workflow consists of three jobs:
propose-downstream: as a reaction to an upstream release, the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git.
koji-build: as a reaction to a new dist-git commit, a new Koji build is triggered (you can specify allowed authors of a commit or merged pull request).

> bodhi-update: as a reaction to a successfully finished Koji build, a new Bodhi update is created

Author: Thanks! They did not survive the copy-paste from gdoc...;(

> - propose-downstream: as a reaction to an upstream release, the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git.
> - koji-build: as a reaction to a new dist-git commit, a new Koji build is triggered (you can specify allowed authors of a commit or merged pull request).
> - bodhi-update: as a reaction to a successfully finished Koji build, a new Bodhi update is created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **propose-downstream**: as a reaction to an upstream release, the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git.
- **koji-build**: as a reaction to a new dist-git commit, a new Koji build is triggered (you can specify allowed authors of a commit or merged pull request).
- **bodhi-update**: as a reaction to a successfully finished Koji build, a new Bodhi update is created
```

for better readability

Author: Good point. I'll use `job-name` as at other places...

> TODO: imag (bodhi-update?)

Reviewer: yes please!

> But that wasn’t all for this year. At the very end of the year, the Packit team implemented an alternative to the `propose-downstream` job that we call `pull-from-upstream`. The logic of the job is the very same: the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git. The only – and main – difference is that the job is defined downstream (in the main dist-git branch) so you don’t need to install Packit in the upstream repository. The information about a new release is received from the [Upstream Release Monitoring](). The `pull-from-upstream` job is mainly targeted to the Fedora maintainers without upstream access or with upstream not being supported by Packit. (This job works with any upstream using GIT.) The setup is nicely described in [this blog post](). And if you want a dedicated documentation page for the Fedora downstream automation, look at https://packit.dev/docs/fedora-releases-guide/.

Reviewer 2: `main dist-git branch` is a bit unclear, AFAIK it is the default branch, i.e. rawhide.

> But that wasn’t all for this year. At the very end of the year, the Packit team implemented an alternative to the `propose-downstream` job that we call `pull-from-upstream`. The logic of the job is the very same: the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git. The only – and main – difference is that the job is defined downstream (in the main dist-git branch) so you don’t need to install Packit in the upstream repository. The information about a new release is received from the [Upstream Release Monitoring](). The `pull-from-upstream` job is mainly targeted to the Fedora maintainers without upstream access or with upstream not being supported by Packit. (This job works with any upstream using GIT.) The setup is nicely described in [this blog post](). And if you want a dedicated documentation page for the Fedora downstream automation, look at https://packit.dev/docs/fedora-releases-guide/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But that wasn’t all. At the very end of the year, the Packit team implemented an alternative to the `propose-downstream` job that we call `pull-from-upstream`. The logic of the job is the very same: the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git. The only – and main – difference is that the job is defined downstream (in the main dist-git branch) so you don’t need to install Packit in the upstream repository. The information about a new release is received from the [Upstream Release Monitoring](). The `pull-from-upstream` job is mainly targeted to the Fedora maintainers without upstream access or with upstream not being supported by Packit. (This job works with any upstream using GIT.) The setup is nicely described in [this blog post](). And if you want a dedicated documentation page for the Fedora downstream automation, look at https://packit.dev/docs/fedora-releases-guide/.
```

again increasing reliability by not using the same phrase in two subsequent sentences

> But that wasn’t all for this year. At the very end of the year, the Packit team implemented an alternative to the `propose-downstream` job that we call `pull-from-upstream`. The logic of the job is the very same: the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git. The only – and main – difference is that the job is defined downstream (in the main dist-git branch) so you don’t need to install Packit in the upstream repository. The information about a new release is received from the [Upstream Release Monitoring](). The `pull-from-upstream` job is mainly targeted to the Fedora maintainers without upstream access or with upstream not being supported by Packit. (This job works with any upstream using GIT.) The setup is nicely described in [this blog post](). And if you want a dedicated documentation page for the Fedora downstream automation, look at https://packit.dev/docs/fedora-releases-guide/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But that wasn’t all for this year. At the very end of the year, the Packit team implemented an alternative to the `propose-downstream` job that we call `pull-from-upstream`. The logic of the job is the very same: the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git. The only – and main – difference is that the job is defined downstream (in the main dist-git branch) so you don’t need to install Packit in the upstream repository. The information about a new release is received from the [Upstream Release Monitoring](). The `pull-from-upstream` job is mainly targeted to the Fedora maintainers without upstream access or with upstream not being supported by Packit. (This job works with any upstream using git.) The setup is nicely described in [this blog post](). And if you want a dedicated documentation page for the Fedora downstream automation, look at https://packit.dev/docs/fedora-releases-guide/.
```

git is not an abbreviation

TODO: image (pull-from-upstream)

> And that’s still not all, we’ve also added `propose-downstream` to our dashboard. You can now the jobs in the Pipelines view. Also, logs can be checked on a detail page (that can be accessed from a status of a release commit).

Reviewer: link to dashboard please :)

> And that’s still not all, we’ve also added `propose-downstream` and `pull-from-upstream` to our dashboard. You can now see them in the Pipelines view. Also, logs can be checked on a detail page (that can be accessed from a status of a release commit).

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't mention `pull_from_upstream` here since we do not have a view displaying it yet (https://github.com/packit/dashboard/issues/199)

Author: OK, I am living in a future..;)

TODO: image (pipelines with propose-downstream>)

> Still not convinced we’ve done a lot? When using various downstream jobs, you can still hit an issue now and then. (messages from Fedora infrastructure can get lost or some flake error can occur.) Packit tries to retry automatically to overcome temporary issues, but sometimes it’s not enough or there is a real problem that needs to be fixed elsewhere. We can’t resolve the real problems for you, but we can help let you retry the job when needed. And you have two places where to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Still not convinced we’ve done a lot? When using various downstream jobs, you can still hit an issue now and then. (messages from Fedora infrastructure can get lost or a network flake can occur.) Packit automatically retries tasks to overcome temporary issues, but sometimes it’s not enough or there is a real problem that needs to be fixed elsewhere. We can’t resolve the real problems for you, but we can help let you retry the job when needed. And you have two places where to do that.
```

Author: I am not sure if the issues are just with the network..;)

Reviewer: yes, that's true, in that case, I'd use "flake" or "intermittent error"; "flake error" term is not being used commonly

> Still not convinced we’ve done a lot? When using various downstream jobs, you can still hit an issue now and then. (Fedora infrastructure can forget to let us know or some flake error can occur.) Packit tries to retry automatically to overcome temporary issues, but sometimes it’s not enough or there is a real problem that needs to be fixed elsewhere. We can’t resolve the real problems for you, but we can help let you retry the job when needed. And you have two places where to do that.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Still not convinced we’ve done a lot? When using various downstream jobs, you can still hit an issue now and then. (messages from Fedora infrastructure can get lost or some flake error can occur.) Packit tries to retry automatically to overcome temporary issues, but sometimes it’s not enough or there is a real problem that needs to be fixed elsewhere. We can’t resolve the real problems for you, but we can help let you retry the job when needed. And you have two places where to do that.
```
this sounds a little bit better to me, but no strong opinion

> As you might be used to with the `propose-downstream` job, you can use comments in an upstream issue to retrigger Bodhi updates and Koji builds as well. Just configure [`issue_repository`](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#issue_repository) so Packit knows where to create issues in case of problems. (This does not need to be an upstream issue and this repository can be used for multiple projects.) Alternatively, if you use dist-git pull requests (either made by Packit or other maintainers), you can use a pull request comment to retrigger Koji Build or Bodhi update.

Reviewer: I love these paragraphs how you build up the tension of the amount of work we did, well done!

TODO: image (issue to retrigger)

## SRPM in Copr

> During the year, you might have realised that Packit has moved the builds of SRPM files to Copr. For more details, take a look at the [relevant page](), but let’s shortly describe the benefits:

Reviewer 4: I would probably word this part differently? We didn't move SRPMs to Copr in '22, only introduced it and used it for new installations, so… something like…

> Throughout the 2022 we have implemented support for building SRPMs in the Copr and slowly started introducing newly-onboarded projects to use Copr right from the start. The definitive switch to Copr has been done at the beginning of 2023.

Author: I didn't want to mention all the details of the process but your version is much clearer. Thanks!

> Most importantly, you can now use [`srpm_build_deps`](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#srpm_build_deps) config option to specify the dependencies needed for the build. With the [old solution](https://github.com/packit/sandcastle), this process was manual, global and had to be done by Packit maintainers. Another advantage of being able to use Copr for SRPM builds is access to the SRPM artefacts.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Most importantly, you can now use [`srpm_build_deps`](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#srpm_build_deps) config option to specify the dependencies needed for the build. With the [old solution](https://github.com/packit/sandcastle), this process was manual, global and had to be done by Packit maintainers. Another advantage of being able to use Copr for SRPM builds is access to the SRPM artifacts.
```

From the beginning of the Packit project, for every Packit GitHub installation, we have required a Fedora account so we can be sure, that we are safe to use Fedora systems (like Copr or dist-git) on behalf of that user. Since we automate various tasks for you, we’ve made it possible for you to perform this yourself. (Thanks to the user config field in the Fedora Account System.)
If you are interested in how this works, take a look at the blog post we’ve prepared for you: https://packit.dev/posts/fas-verification-automation/

If you wonder why we check permissions for the installation, we have good news for you. This year, we plan to improve the permission schema, do the checks for each job, and require only what is needed. But more about the plans for 2023 later.

## Multiple-project test runs

If you have multiple connected projects (as we do) and work on a feature spreading more of them, the following feature might come in handy. You can use a commit command with a reference to the other pull request and Packit will use Copr builds from both pull requests during the tests. Want to know more? Check this blog post: https://packit.dev/posts/testing-farm-triggering/

> ## Spec-file library

Reviewer 2: Let's be consistent with naming and use `specfile` everywhere.

Author: I thought I am consistent and used `spec-file`...;) I'll fix that. Good point!

> This one might not be relevant to most of our users, but we would still like to announce, that we’ve created a Python library for spec-file manipulation. It can not only parse various weird spec files but also can edit them with as little diff as possible. Also, the code is really interesting so check it out. Now, it’s used by Packit and [Rebase Helper]() and you can watch [this demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzMfBPdFXZY&t=17s) if you want to know more.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
This one might not be relevant to most of our users, but we would still like to announce, that we’ve created a Python library for spec-file manipulation. It can not only parse various weird spec files but also can edit them with as little diff as possible. Also, the code is really interesting so check it out. Now, it’s used by Packit and [Rebase Helper](https://github.com/rebase-helper/rebase-helper) and you can watch [this demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzMfBPdFXZY&t=17s) if you want to know more.
```

In case you’ve missed that, this is not the first time we’ve extracted a part of our codebase for wider usage – another nice example is a [forge-independent Python library for GitHub/GitLab/Pagure API called OGR](https://github.com/packit/ogr/).

> ## Virtual Image Builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## VM Image Builds
```

> Having Copr builds available for your pull-requests is really nice, but you can now have VM image builds as well. It will be really wasteful to do this for each and every commit so we decided to trigger this by a `/packit vm-image-build ` comment. Similarly to other jobs, Packit uses an external system to do the hard work. This feature is possible thanks to the [Red Hat Image Builder](). This feature is a fresh start on this journey and we are investigating the possibilities of Packit in this field. Check [our documentation](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#vm_image_build) and let us know what you think.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having Copr builds available for your pull-requests is really nice, but you can now have VM image builds as well. It will be really wasteful to do this for each and every commit so we decided to trigger this by a `/packit vm-image-build ` comment. Similarly to other jobs, Packit uses an external system to do the hard work. This feature is possible thanks to the [Red Hat Image Builder](https://console.redhat.com/insights/image-builder). This feature is a fresh start on this journey and we are investigating the possibilities of Packit in this field. Check [our documentation](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#vm_image_build) and let us know what you think.
```

TODO: image

## Plans for the next year

> Do you wonder what we plan for you for the year 2023? That is not a secret. For some time, we are opening our planning and since the last year, you can check our [Kanban board](https://github.com/orgs/packit/projects/7/) since it become the primary place we use on daily bases. (It used to be half-manually and half-automatically synced.)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Do you wonder what we plan for you for the year 2023? That is not a secret. For some time, we have been opening our planning and since the last year, you can check our [Kanban board](https://github.com/orgs/packit/projects/7/) since it has become the primary place we use on daily bases. (It used to be half-manually and half-automatically synced.)
```

> Every quarter, our team sit down and discusses our plans for the next three months. We use MOSCOW (=MUST x SHOULD x COULD x WON’T) prioritisation method to group and compare all of our epics. The result of this time’s planning can be seen [here](https://github.com/orgs/packit/projects/7/views/14).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Every quarter, our team sits down and discusses our plans for the next three months. We use MOSCOW (=MUST x SHOULD x COULD x WON’T) prioritisation method to group and compare all of our epics. The result of this time’s planning can be seen [here](https://github.com/orgs/packit/projects/7/views/14).
```

> Every quarter, our team sits down and discusses our plans for the next three months. We use MOSCOW (=MUST x SHOULD x COULD x WON’T) prioritisation method to group and compare all of our epics. The result of this time’s planning can be seen [here](https://github.com/orgs/packit/projects/7/views/14).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Every quarter, our team sits down and discusses our plans for the next three months. We use MOSCOW (=MUST x SHOULD x COULD x WON’T) prioritisation method to group and compare all of our epics. The result of this time’s planning can be seen [here](https://github.com/orgs/packit/projects/7/views/25).
```

Do you want to know how we decide and how you can influence us? It’s pretty easy. Firstly, we need to know about a bug or feature request. Secondly, the task needs to be worth the work. (And should be related to our mission.) We can’t work on everything so we need to pick the work with a bigger impact (a lot of projects will benefit from that or a significant benefit for a smaller group). So shortly, if you want something to be done: create an issue, provide a clear reasoning why we should do that and find other projects that can benefit from that.

> And also, our project has an open source. We are more than happy to help anyone contribute to our code base!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
And also, our project is open source. We are more than happy to help anyone contribute to our code base!
```

---
title: "2022 for Packit"
date: 2023-01-28T11:58:50+01:00
---

## Packit project in 2022

As you will see in the following paragraphs, the year 2022 was really fruitful for the Packit project. Without further ado, let’s take a look at what the Packit team accomplished last year:

## Fedora automation

> Packit team has made a huge improvement in downstream automation. At the beginning of the year, we [finished the workflow](https://packit.dev/posts/downstream-automation/) and you are now able to use Packit to get your release from upstream via dist-git and Koji to Bodhi. As usual, you can pick just what you need. This workflow consists of three jobs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have made a huge improvement in downstream automation. At the beginning of the year, we [finished the workflow](https://packit.dev/posts/downstream-automation/) and you are now able to use Packit to get your release from upstream via dist-git and Koji to Bodhi. As usual, you can pick just what you need. This workflow consists of three jobs:
```

"Packit team" term is used in 2 sentences in a row, so I'm shortening the 2nd use.

- propose-downstream: as a reaction to an upstream release, the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git.
- koji-build: as a reaction to a new dist-git commit, a new Koji build is triggered (you can specify allowed authors of a commit or merged pull request).
- bodhi-update: as a reaction to a successfully finished Koji build, a new Bodhi update is created

TODO: imag (bodhi-update?)

> But that wasn’t all for this year. At the very end of the year, the Packit team implemented an alternative to the `propose-downstream` job that we call `pull-from-upstream`. The logic of the job is the very same: the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git. The only – and main – difference is that the job is defined downstream (in the main dist-git branch) so you don’t need to install Packit in the upstream repository. The information about a new release is received from the [Upstream Release Monitoring](). The `pull-from-upstream` job is mainly targeted to the Fedora maintainers without upstream access or with upstream not being supported by Packit. (This job works with any upstream using GIT.) The setup is nicely described in [this blog post](). And if you want a dedicated documentation page for the Fedora downstream automation, look at https://packit.dev/docs/fedora-releases-guide/.

Reviewer 5: Don't know why it's not highlighted (at least in my view) in the diff, but I'm adding links to `Upstream Release Monitoring` and `this blog post`.

> But that wasn’t all for this year. At the very end of the year, the Packit team implemented an alternative to the `propose-downstream` job that we call `pull-from-upstream`. The logic of the job is the very same: the source archive is saved to a lookaside cache, spec-file is updated and sent as a pull request to Fedora dist-git. The only – and main – difference is that the job is defined downstream (in the main dist-git branch) so you don’t need to install Packit in the upstream repository. The information about a new release is received from the [Upstream Release Monitoring](). The `pull-from-upstream` job is mainly targeted to the Fedora maintainers without upstream access or with upstream not being supported by Packit. (This job works with any upstream using GIT.) The setup is nicely described in [this blog post](). And if you want a dedicated documentation page for the Fedora downstream automation, look at https://packit.dev/docs/fedora-releases-guide/.

Author: Thanks! The links were on my TODO, but thank you for spotting I've missed them...

If you are interested in how this works, take a look at the blog post we’ve prepared for you: https://packit.dev/posts/fas-verification-automation/

If you wonder why we check permissions for the installation, we have good news for you. This year, we plan to improve the permission schema, do the checks for each job, and require only what is needed. But more about the plans for 2023 later.

## Multiple-project test runs

If you have multiple connected projects (as we do) and work on a feature spreading more of them, the following feature might come in handy. You can use a commit command with a reference to the other pull request and Packit will use Copr builds from both pull requests during the tests. Want to know more? Check this blog post: https://packit.dev/posts/testing-farm-triggering/

## Spec-file library

> This one might not be relevant to most of our users, but we would still like to announce, that we’ve created a Python library for spec-file manipulation. It can not only parse various weird spec files but also can edit them with as little diff as possible. Also, the code is really interesting so check it out. Now, it’s used by Packit and [Rebase Helper]() and you can watch [this demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzMfBPdFXZY&t=17s) if you want to know more.

Reviewer 6: Link to https://github.com/packit/specfile would be nice to have here.

---
title: "2022 for Packit"

> date: 2023-01-28T11:58:50+01:00

Reviewer 2: You should probably add a weight to this document, because now it's at the bottom of the blog posts lists and IMO quite hard to find (or even spot that there is something new)

Author: I hope it's just a joke..;)

As you might be used to with the `propose-downstream` job, you can use comments in an upstream issue to retrigger Bodhi updates and Koji builds as well. Just configure [`issue_repository`](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#issue_repository) so Packit knows where to create issues in case of problems. (This does not need to be an upstream issue and this repository can be used for multiple projects.) Alternatively, if you use dist-git pull requests (either made by Packit or other maintainers), you can use a pull request comment to retrigger Koji Build or Bodhi update.

![Comment to recreate a Bodhi update](/images/2022-blog/dist-git-pull-request-comment.png)

If you are interested in what Packit has done for its users, you can take a look at the activity of the `packit` (or `packit-stg`) FAS user in [dist-git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/user/packit), [Koji](https://koji.fedoraproject.org/koji/userinfo?userID=4641) or [Bodhi](https://bodhi.fedoraproject.org/users/packit).

> ![Dist-git activity of Packit user](/images/2022-blog/packit-dist-git-activity.png)

Reviewer 2: +1, this was such a good idea to include

## Self-mapping of FAS account

From the beginning of the Packit project, for every Packit GitHub installation, we have required a Fedora account so we can be sure, that we are safe to use Fedora systems (like Copr or dist-git) on behalf of that user. Since we automate various tasks for you, we’ve made it possible for you to perform this yourself. (Thanks to the user config field in the Fedora Account System.)
If you are interested in how this works, take a look at the blog post we’ve prepared for you: https://packit.dev/posts/fas-verification-automation/

If you wonder why we check permissions for the installation, we have good news for you. This year, we plan to improve the permission schema, do the checks for each job, and require only what is needed. But more about the plans for 2023 later.

![Self-mapping process in an issue](/images/verify-fas.png)

## Multiple-project test runs

> If you have multiple connected projects (as we do) and work on a feature spreading more of them, the following feature might come in handy. You can use a commit command with a reference to the other pull request and Packit will use Copr builds from both pull requests during the tests. Want to know more? Check this blog post: https://packit.dev/posts/testing-farm-triggering/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have multiple connected projects (as we do) and work on a feature spanning more of them, the following feature might come in handy. You can use a commit command with a reference to the other pull request and Packit will use Copr builds from both pull requests during the tests. Want to know more? Check this blog post: https://packit.dev/posts/testing-farm-triggering/
```

![Test with external build](/images/2022-blog/test-for-external-build.png)

## Specfile library

> This one might not be relevant to most of our users, but we would still like to announce, that we’ve created [a Python library](https://github.com/packit/specfile) for specfile manipulation. It can not only parse various weird spec files but also can edit them with as little diff as possible. Also, the code is really interesting so check it out. Now, it’s used by Packit and [Rebase Helper](https://github.com/rebase-helper/rebase-helper) and you can watch [this demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzMfBPdFXZY&t=17s) if you want to know more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This one might not be relevant to most of our users, but we would still like to announce, that we’ve created [a Python library](https://github.com/packit/specfile) for specfile manipulation. It can not only parse various weird spec files but also can edit them with as little diff as possible. Also, the code is really interesting so check it out. Now, it’s used by Packit and [rebase-helper](https://github.com/rebase-helper/rebase-helper) and you can watch [this demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzMfBPdFXZY&t=17s) if you want to know more.
```

TheREADME of rebase-helper uses this capitalization/format so I'd stick with that

In case you’ve missed that, this is not the first time we’ve extracted a part of our codebase for wider usage – another nice example is a [forge-independent Python library for GitHub/GitLab/Pagure API called OGR](https://github.com/packit/ogr/).

## VM Image Builds

> Having Copr builds available for your pull-requests is really nice, but you can now have VM image builds as well. It will be really wasteful to do this for each and every commit so we decided to trigger this by a `/packit vm-image-build ` comment. Similarly to other jobs, Packit uses an external system to do the hard work. This feature is possible thanks to the [Red Hat Image Builder](https://console.redhat.com/insights/image-builder). This feature is a fresh start on this journey and we are investigating the possibilities of Packit in this field. Check [our documentation](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#vm_image_build) and let us know what you think.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Having Copr builds available for your pull-requests is really nice, but you can now have VM image builds as well. It would be really wasteful to do this for each and every commit so we decided to trigger this by a `/packit vm-image-build ` comment. Similarly to other jobs, Packit uses an external system to do the hard work. This feature is possible thanks to the [Red Hat Image Builder](https://console.redhat.com/insights/image-builder). This feature is a fresh start on this journey and we are investigating the possibilities of Packit in this field. Check [our documentation](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#vm_image_build) and let us know what you think.
```
